[WIP] feature: doc restructure (#21)
yongenaelf/aelf-docs: docs/tutorial/stackup/3. frontend/3.2 connect-wallet-function.md

This will allow our frontend components to reference and interact with the deployed smart contract to perform actions such as Join DAO, Create Proposals and more!

Now that you have a better understanding of how this file works, proceed to head over to the comment `//Step A - Setup Portkey Wallet Provider` and overwrite the existing **useEffect** hook with the following code snippet.

```js showLineNumbers
//Step A - Setup Portkey Wallet Provider
useEffect(() => {
    (async () => {
      if (!provider) return null;

      try {
        // 1. get the sidechain tDVW using provider.getChain
        const chain = await provider?.getChain("tDVW");
        if (!chain) throw new Error("No chain");

        //Address of DAO Smart Contract
        //Replace with Address of Deployed Smart Contract
        const address = "2GkJoDicXLqo7cR9YhjCEnCXQt8KUFUTPfCkeJEaAxGFYQo2tb";

        // 2. get the DAO contract
        const daoContract = chain?.getContract(address);
        setSmartContract(daoContract);
      } catch (error) {
        console.log(error, "====error");
      }
    })();
  }, [provider]);
```

:::note

> ℹ️ Note: You are to replace the address placeholder with your deployed voting contract address from Quest 4!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ℹ️ Note: You are to replace the address placeholder with your deployed voting contract address from "Deploy Voting dApp Smart Contract"!
```
